what's going on guys tmart here and
today I'm super excited for you guys
there black ops 2 tips and tricks video
and this was gonna be pretty short and
sweet but it's really really useful
you'll be able to take advantage of it a
lot so I know a big thank you to Evan
he's the subscriber that sent this tip
in I had never noticed it myself and and
he didn't have a youtube channel that he
posts on or Twitter or anything so Thank
You Evan I really do appreciate it now
what the tip is is you can actually
refill your death machine or your war
machine in round based game modes so
like domination or something like that
as you gonna see him plank domination
right here and all you have to do is
when the round is about to switch just
make sure that you have at least one
bullet and your death machine or one
grenade in your war machine and when you
spawn in in the next round it's going to
be refilled you're gonna have all two
hundred bullets in your death machine or
all twelve grenades in your war machine
so obviously this is a very very very
big advantage because if you can start
off around with a death machine or a war
machine in your hands fully loaded
that's gonna do some damage now I
remember with the war machine it counts
as a projectile so don't shoot it right
away right when you spawn in because
it's not going to count as you see on
screen right here but yeah you know as
you can see I'm just hearing people up
with this death machine because I've got
this big ol you know scorestreak ready
for me right at the start of that round
so what it's pretty freaking useful now
what game types does this work in well
it works in domination obviously you
just saw it on screen it also works in
demolition and it works and capture the
flag the only game type that's round
basted it doesn't work in a Search and
Destroy and it would be pretty insane if
it did work in social imagine how
overpowered that would be but anyway yes
so there you guys have it that's my
short little tip for you all I didn't
know about this I figured a lot of you
guys could have benefited from it and
and I hope you guys liked the video so
again big thanks to Evan I appreciate
you sitting this in and it's kind of
reminder to you guys if you ever have
any tips that you think are worth
sharing feel free to message me them on
YouTube and if i use your tip i'll
credit you in the video so thanks again
guys I'll catch you all later check out
one of the other two videos on screen if
you haven't seen him yet and peace out